remove roadblock task
do the naked gear thing
add defibs
check mission loss params?





0.2: Updated for modern day.
0.2b: Fixed backpacks, NVs, fireteam colors, medical supplies, ammunition, medical settings. Barbie'd up reserve squad
0.2c: Fixed unloaded MAAWS, moved ammo from crates into humvees (the fuck was I thinking), fixed hats, added additional ????
0.2d: Fixed loadout for reserves, fixed hats for reserves, fixed general task, messed with some modules, tweaked humvee inventories, removed looting
0.3: Unlocked MGs, removed civilian vehicools from spawn, added two extra reserve slots, strengthened strategic importance of humvees, improved description of 'General' objective, added an objective to the first roadblock, added an objective to Vybor, removed looting properly, wrote up some briefing fluff, fixed SQL for Alpha, added dedicated spectator slots (WIP), added mines, improved ability of armor and statics, added custom insignias (Thank you for converting, Extension), laid down a baseline for a future expansion, lots of little details.
0.3b: Fixed spectators, added extra wheels to humvees, fixed anti-loot script, upgraded ending triggers
0.3c: Grenadiers now get GLs. Removed karts. Probably fixed enemy vehicles being capturable / having inventory. Added 40mms to ammobearers and humvees. Implemented Jiffy's TFR script. Set default channels for all units, including command channel for SQLs. (Thanks, >>95335962 !) Possibly fixed insignias not working properly for half the people. Increased amount of AT mines by approx. 1600%. Increased amount of AP mines by approx 700%. (Good idea, Trusty!) Upped skill of enemy slightly. Reduced arrow marker spam slightly. Rewrote task descriptions slightly. Stripped people that disconnect before the gearscript runs. Hopefully fixed ending triggers.
0.4a: Added TFR/ACRE parameter (default TFR), replaced SUD shit with RHS shit which may or may not make shit more difficult, fixed GLs to be compatible with ammo after the update, removed arrows to prevent confusion. 
0.4b: Fixed issues with TFR where the channel adjustment would run before TFR actually initialized, causing issues, Fixed issue with TFR/ACRE parameter, fixed issues with main and roadblock objective, fixed slight issue with reserves gearscript, removed debug dude. Fun fact; TFR's function to get an active radio doesn't fucking work when TFR isn't initialised because it passes a local variable that the other functions can't even handle. Took me forever to figure out how to run this shit.
0.4c: Additional (buggy) ACRE2 compatibility and features such as default channel and ear settings, added debug menu for admin (no abuse pls), fixed reserve medic suddenly being AI
0.4d: Fixed lootscript (AGAIN), Fixed end-trigger (probably not), fixed static weapons, fixed alpha AT rifle not having AT, added some cool shit, added some more opfor, messed with ALiVE settings a bit, changed reserve squad to USMC to deal with that one guy's autism, changed various gear around a bit (7.62 tracers, M16s + working optics for reserves, ammobearers carry fucktons of ammo)
0.4e: probably fixed radio issue, Fixed AGM EOD variable
0.5a: Changed the way the support helicopters spawn so they take up less AI and are less shit, fixed most of the broken shit caused by the new update, scars are now plain 5.56 M16s due to content pack, made mines stronker so they actually nuke tanks, AT4s should now be loaded, added more AT infantry for a bigger challenge, changed static MG bunkers to be unprotected lowpods because we don't have any standard opfor static MGs anymore, added some AA, probably more but I forgot since I rushed this update out in like 2 hours
0.5b: CTRL+H'd all the ammo in the mission.sqf because I forgot to change the humvee/ammobox loadouts
0.5c: Unified loadout scripts, fixed multiple 343s issue, added binocs for SQLs, fixed ALiVE setup
0.5d: Lowered AGM invincibility a bit, fiddled with end triggers, added a debug end trigger that probably doesn't work either, added a thing that might make the Abrams tank retrievable properly (probably not), fixed helo script again, purged bloat shit that was in the images, removed custom insignias since the shit-tier mods we have in the content pack nowadays don't support insignias
0.5e: I have no fucking clue, forgot to update the changelog. Probably helicopter or AI related. 
0.5f: Moved Vybor objective to Pushtoshka to see if that'd prevent ALiVE from sending tanks to the airfield every fucking time, Messed with ALiVE AI settings (upped/downed various settings, disabled debug, added factions to custom setting list), changed helo shit again, changed some waypoints, upped AGM invincibility again, added an epipen to everyone's loadout, fixed binocs (everyone was always supposed to have them, but I used linkitem instead of addweapon all this time)
0.6a: Replaced Reserve squad with generic Charlie squad, overhauled loadouts (IAR for autorifles, more ammo all-round, 4x optics and bipods, shared ammo, meds in backpack, etc), fixed spectators, tuned down AI a tiny bit, set AGM damage coef back down to 0.55, moved shilkas and added cover to immobilize them more, forced shilka to respect waypoints, fixed disappearing humvee issue (there's supposed to be spares at Novy Sobor), replaced BMP1Ds with BTR70s, replaced T72 at Novy Sobor with BMP1D, fixed abrams being locked (lol oops), replaced AGM bluforce tracker with cTab bluforce tracker
0.6b: Forgot to fix charlie radio channels
0.6c: Re-did pre-mission loadout to prevent looting (probably causes more issues than it fixes), added some AT4s to the humvees, dumbed down all armor AI, replaced all BTR70s with BTR60s, added EVAC point for emergencies, fixed(?) end triggers, fixed spectators and added spectatorzone, added A3G-SpectatorCam
0.7a: AGM -> ACE3
0.7b: MAAWS updated, AT4 updated, re-added and updated custom insignias, changed most shilkas into ZU-23s (if it's still 2stronk i'll make them igla pods), added showGroupIndicator = 1 vanilla sthud, removed ctab, replaced broken grenades (thanks RHS)
0.8a: God knows. Replaced most triggers to improve perforance, fucked with init to improve reliability and performance, changed some loadouts (Fuck you Anvil, gib RH M4s) replaced primary shilkas since we don't have ZU-23s, removed vanilla sthud, some other shit probably.
0.8b: Removed phantom shilka, forced AI to respect waypoints, fixed ACEMED, replaced microdagrs, added Zeus slots
0.8c: ?
0.8d: added spare M16s to humvees, fixed repair (didn't actually fix repair, it's RHS lol), fixed random markers, added some dragon teeth for extra 1337, replaced javelins with titans which won't change anything because ACE AMG is shit, replaced lowpod KORDs with tripod M2s, fixed end trigger, fixed CAS hint.
0.8e: Changed uniforms to not be brown but green, tossed back in the javelins because apparently ACE AMG only breaks if you turn it off, added in the fantastic new spectator mode
0.8f: 3D editor, changed ACE medical and repair settings - end trigger broken as always
0.9a: First time editing after year-long break. Updated missing classes from RHS -> mostly HLC & CUP, moved the entire mission to XPT framework, removed typos, Vauun somehow moved the end trigger to a FSM, removed roadblock task & trigger, converted loadouts to XPT framework